Revise README for clarity on Logos stack components (#164)
status-im/ift-docs: README.md

Logos is a ground-up re-imagination of the technology stack. It brings together discrete but necessary components in one tech stack that solves for both the developer experience as well as the user experience.

To learn more about Logos, visit (https://logos.co/tech-stack)

## Logos stack components
- **Blockchain (consensus and data availability layer):** Runs the consensus layer in the technolgy stack (i.e. consensus + data availability + settlement) and provides the foundation other components build on. Logos Blockchain provides a resilient, censorship resistant foundation for building applications while protecting the privacy of individual participants including node operators.
- **Logos Execution Zone:** Execution zone (Rollup) running on the Base layer for wallet, token operations, and program deployment with support for public and private contexts (previously referred to as Logos State Separation Architecture or LSSA). 
- **Messaging:** Peer-to-peer messaging protocols and client libraries that apps use to publish and retrieve messages.
- **Storage:** Node-side content storage and retrieval functionality.

> - **Logos App:** An app built on the Logos Core framework that enables users to interact with the Logos ecosystem. It enables discovery of published applications, running local modules (e.g. node for the blockchain) in the Logos ecosystem and more, while avoiding the dependencies on web-browser interactions typically seen in Web3. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Logos App:** An app built on the Logos Core framework that enables users to interact with the Logos ecosystem. It enables access to third party published applications, running local modules (e.g. node for the blockchain) in the Logos ecosystem and more, while avoiding the dependencies on web-browser interactions typically seen in Web3. 
```
Not sure we will want "discovery" from legal pov.
